Translation corrections (#68)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_002.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s04/37/310300040", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「——あ、なんならこの私がこの手で事前に、じっくりねっとり予備診断をぉほぉぉっっ——」",

> 			NULL, "\"...Oh, if you'd like, I could take my time giving you a preliminary diagnosis with my very handsssssss...?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...Oh, if you'd like, I could take my time giving you a preliminary diagnosis with my very haaaaaands...?\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rそれを見て唖然と固まる私と違って、割って入ってきた女の子は動じた素振りもなく辞書をぽんぽんと叩きながら、呆れたようにため息をついて言った。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それを見て唖然と固まる私と違って、割って入ってきた女の子は動じた素振りもなく辞書をぽんぽんと叩きながら、呆れたようにため息をついて言った。",

> 			NULL, "Unlike me, who was stunned just watching, the other girl broke in swinging a dictionary. She sighed with exasperatio and then began to speak.", Line_Normal);

Author: Sorry, my bad, typo. Should be "exasperation".

//rやられた、と思ったときにはもう遅い。二人はおなかを抱えて、げらげらと盛大に笑い声を上げていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "やられた、と思ったときにはもう遅い。二人はおなかを抱えて、げらげらと盛大に笑い声を上げていた。",

> 			NULL, "By the time I realize I've been had, it's already too late. The two of them are holding their sides, laughing and giggling loudly.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "By the time I realize I'd been had, it was already too late. The two of them were holding their sides, laughing and giggling loudly.", Line_Normal);
```

//r千紗登ちゃんのありがたい提案に、私は喜んで頷いた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "千紗登ちゃんのありがたい提案に、私は喜んで頷いた。",

> 			NULL, "I nodded gladly to Chisato-chan's gracious proposal.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I cheerfully nodded to Chisato-chan's gracious proposal.", Line_Normal);
```
